Things to do:
1. Work on seperating the pipeline better
2. Work on better initial data validation
3. Get all clustering methods working and available, also allow the possibility of tuning the hyperparameters around clustering
4. Think about setting up some clustering coefficients (also think about clustering on only the most important features)



NOTES:

1. I need to be able to train the model on individual clusters and test on individual clusters

Seems like my clsuters are not being orhtogonalized properly, i need to pass in the vectors individually to the orthog function

At this point i believe my algorithm is working correctly, I can see the model is being trained on each cluster (with a mini batch) correctly
I need to investigate the mini batching approach (ensure shffle is being applied) and then research all different parts of the pipeline
-cluster generation
-optimisation
- dropout vectors

Something to think about: use mini batching to get an average gradient vector over each batch, use that as the main vector for the cluster

I need to identify why the weights are not being changed or if thwey are.

Prettu good point right now: Things to test:

- Run a model using clustering on labels and one on features
- For each model, run a grid search on learning rate, gradient Sort Order (decreasing or increasing)
- Perform tests on a simple model and a deeper model
- Perform 100 independent training runs and record the mean and std of the MAE and MSE for each model

Specific tests to run:
Model Architecture: 1 hidden layer, 3 hidden layers
Clustering: On labels, on features
learning rate: 0.01, 0.1, 0.001
Gradient Sort Order: Increasing, Decreasing

Data Visualization:
- tabulate the results in a table
- plot the validation loss over time for each model (to show convergence)

1. cluster based on binned outputs (regression)
2. cluster based on errors (loss)
3. clustering based on curriculum approach (easy to hard)
4. Orthogonalization techniques (leaky, )
5. Clustering on activations (potentially last layer)

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test_functions_for_optimization

https://wandb.ai/site/